About my work: Magic Soup - Book Photography
Over a period of 3 weeks during a hot summer in London, I photographed the newly published book 'Magic Soup'. Magic Soup is written by Ottolenghi's former head chef Nicole Pisani and author Kate Adams. The two ladies have come up with a fun and nutritious set of soup recipes for all different occasions, some are to impress your guests with, some will give you strength and will feel like an immense hug when you're feeling unwell, some look dainty, others look robust and down to earth. There is a soup for everyone in this book. I might be biased but I think this book is great and it places soups back on a higher shelve. 
Not only does the book tell you how to make a good stock, it teaches you how to make your own Kimchi, scallop ceviche and cured salmon. Exciting much? Soups range from a fertility soup, pickled soup, nettle soup with flowers, beetroot and burrata, Ramen, Miso to a good old watercress soup with crab toasts. I tasted most of these dishes during our delicious lunches, they are good.
Shooting this book was so much fun I really wanted to share it with you, here are some pictures from the book, but also some 'making of' pics and incidentals. 
Many thanks to the lovely ladies over at Orion Publishing, Nicole and Kate, the authors and inspiring chefs, Tamzin the prop stylist extraordinaire and Caroline who did everyone's work justice with her design of the book. We were a great team.
I'm giving away a book
Finally, I have one book to give away. I'm not asked to do this by anyone, I just want to spread the soup love. So to win this book, just like my facebook page, twitter if you're on twitter, and instagram  (if you already are, superb!) and let me know if you've done it in the comments below, also tell me what your favourite soup is, just for the fun of it. Straightforward. Then I'll just stick your names in a hat and pick one out. No fancy systems, just old school.
Magic Soup was published in February 2015 by Orion/Hachette.
The book is for sale at most book stores and online.
Happy New Year Ozoni
French onion soup - Lime & Lentil soup with marinated feta
Tomatoes and a pretty blue dress
Lamb shank left: Magic Soup
Kate Adams and venison meat balls
Nicole Pisani  
My setup at Fist Option Studio Shoreditch - the many props
Nicole and her pretty blouse
Don't forget to leave a comment in order to win a copy of this book! 
The Competition is now closed and has been won by Sally! Thank you everyone for entering, how amazing!! Again I am sending this book at my own expense as a gift to one of you.
I've like you FB and I follow <ou in Twitter.
Cheers,
Rosa
not only the photography looks stunning, but the recipes look soooo good too!
Dear Regula,
I guess Im THE biggest soup lover in the world. I love eating soup all year long. Soup gives me comfort whenever Im feeling down, happiness every time I can share a good soup with my girlfriends, joy each & every time I make soup.  Im already following you since I joined Instagram last year. Im also deeply in love with Instagram :))) ... I love that I get inspired each & everyday by all  the lovely brilliant pictures… including yours.  Im following you on Twitter. Unfortunately I have no Facebook account as I dont agree with Facebook Privacy Policy. Good luck with the book. The picture you’ve posted today on Instagram look gorgeous. So goodbye for now, Im  going to make a watercress soup now… XOXO, Mich aka @healthyisfunky
Hi Regula,
I don't have a FB account but i'm one of your instagram follower for ages.
As I am a soup lover, is quit complicated to name one of my favourite soups, but by the look of your pictures, I can tell I would try all of them without a problem.
Cheers,
Lia.
Hi Regula,
I simply love the shots! And the soup is probably great too! ;-)
I adore soup and this looks like a fabulous book. Your photos are glorious.
My most regularly-made soup is lentil. When I have a little more time, then the wonderfully named Cullen Skink is a gem.
I absolutely love your pictures. Would be fun to help creating them ;))
My favorite soup? This would be too hard to decide... Maybe tomato soup, or not. I dont know, i love all of them ;)
Cheers,
Kiki
Beautiful pictures! I'm a real soup lover and I'm looking for a good soup book but I still haven't found what I want... Maybe this one will hit the spot! I am a longtime follower of your Instagram (I'm @crazygreenfruits there) and I have just liked your page on Facebook (I'm Nina Didge L...). I don't have Twitter sorry!
It's difficult for me to tell you which soup is my favourite, but I really fell in love with pho the first time I tried it. But I also love cream of mushroom, carrots/winter squash soup with ginger/curry/coconut/coriander/all of them. And tomato soup! Ah, I can't decide...
Dear Regula, So nice to hear from you again.  What gorgeous photographs!
I loved soup even before I became a Chinese Medicine practitioner and we believe that soup can cure anything!  Well, perhaps that's a exaggeration, but we believe that soup can nourish better than most anything else even to the point where we call prepared herbal remedies "tang" (soup)!
I am sorry, I am not on instagram, facebook or twitter... but I like you anyway, even if I can't "like" you! ;)))  And I always love to see your posts fall into my inbox, there has never been even one that I am not interested in.
Christina
Christina
Isabela.
following you since forever (almost :)) on FB and Twitter : LOVE your work... Inspiring stuff!
Best soup I ever had? Can't decide, there's 2 : 1. Ribollita (if you are in Siena, go to Osteria Il Carroccio, en tell Renata I sent you... Fabulous tuscan food!) and
2. a bowl of "Pho Bo" I ate at a street stand in Hanoi, Vietnam. Words can't describe......
So, do I love soup? Yes. OF COURSE! :)
PS : runner up has to be my grandmothers "boere-tenen-soep"; a plain simple vegetable soup, made with lost of Love and nothing but home grown ingredients, with LOTS of those big white beans, "molbonen" in dutch, or as we call them "boerentenen".... Memories..................
Oh I remember when you posted some pictures from this shooting during the summer! Photos are breath taking. That place looks like heaven and their props (specially their china!) are gorgeous! You must be very proud :)
It would so unfair to choose one of these soups. I could have soups 6 days a week, maybe even seven. What's the one on the cover with the poached egg?
Lovely book! I would love to win it in order to offer to a friend who struggles with the soup issue. My favorite soup has to be with roast tomatos and red peppers. There's something about it, with basil and a drizzle of evoo that just makes me smile :)
I already follow you FB and Instagram accounts, but I'm not on Twitter!
Once again, congrats for the work, the photos are amazing!
British pottery I love and use
My work was featured by
Subscribe to get posts via email
Search This Blog
